Updates for networking (#128)
projectharmonia/bevy_enhanced_input: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

- `Action<A>` now implements `Clone` and `Copy` for any `A`.

> - `ActionEvents` now implements `Serialize` and `Deserialize`.
> - `BEIEnhancedSystem` has been split between `BEIEnhancedSet::Update` (read new inputs from the `InputReader` and update the `Actions` components)
>  and `BEIEnhancedSet::Trigger` (trigger the events corresponding to how the `Actions` components changed)
> - Most of the `Actions<C>` functionalities have been moved to an untyped struct `UntypedActions`. `Actions<C>` derefs to `UntypedActions` so you
> don't have to change any call site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ActionEvents` now implements `Serialize` and `Deserialize`.
- `EnhancedInputSystem` has been split between `EnhancedInputSet::Update` (read new inputs from the `InputReader` and update the `Actions` components)
 and `EnhancedInputSet::Trigger` (trigger the events corresponding to how the `Actions` components changed)
- Most of the `Actions<C>` functionalities have been moved to an untyped struct `UntypedActions`. `Actions<C>` derefs to `UntypedActions` so you
don't have to change any call site.
```
